Add run command support (#1813)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/developer-docs/docs/develop-components/develop-integrations/develop-a-manual-task.md

            !!! info
                When working on Java projects:

>                 - The Run with Arguments feature is not supported when either a `Run Command` is defined or a `Procfile` exists in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - The **Run with Arguments** feature is not supported when either a `Run Command` is defined or a `Procfile` exists in the project.
```

>                 - The **Run with Arguments** feature is not supported when either a `Run Command` is defined or a `Procfile` exists in the project.

Reviewer 2: Shall we add the same sentence we added for nodejs

            !!! info
                When working on NodeJS projects:

>                 - The Run with Arguments feature is not supported when either a `Run Command` is defined or a Procfile exists in the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                - The **Run with Arguments** feature is not supported when either a `Run Command` is defined or a Procfile exists in the project.
```

>                 - The **Run with Arguments** feature is not supported when either a `Run Command` is defined or a `Procfile` exists in the project.

Reviewer 2: Suggesting more polished version :)

```suggestion
                - The **Run with Arguments** feature is not supported if a `Run Command` is defined or a `Procfile` is present in the project..
```
